[SignIn] Adding appliedEventListeners to beta Prod, MC and FF. (#18264)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/customextensioncalloutresult.md

---
title: "customExtensionCalloutResult resource type"

> description: "Indicates the result of API request to the custom extension endpoint."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Indicates the result of an API request to the custom extension endpoint. This object is used by the appliedEventListeners object of sign-ins."
```

author: "junrlin"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "identity-and-access-reports"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# customExtensionCalloutResult resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Indicates the result of API request to the custom extension endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicates the result of API request to the custom extension endpoint. This object is used by the **appliedEventListeners** object of [sign-ins](../resources/signin.md).
```

Inherits from [authenticationEventHandlerResult](../resources/authenticationeventhandlerresult.md).

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |calloutDateTime|DateTimeOffset|Date and time (UTC) the API transaction was initiated. Example: midnight on Jan 1, 2014 is reported as 2014-01-01T00:00:00Z.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|calloutDateTime|DateTimeOffset|When the API transaction was initiated. The date and time information uses ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. Example: midnight on Jan 1, 2014, is reported as `2014-01-01T00:00:00Z`.|
```

|customExtensionId|String|ID of the custom extension that was called.|

> |errorCode|Int32|Error code that's generated as a result of a failure with the API transaction of the last attempt.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|errorCode|Int32|Error code that was generated as a result of a failure with the API transaction of the last attempt.|
```

> |customExtensionId|String|ID of the custom extension that was called.|
> |errorCode|Int32|Error code that was generated as a result of a failure with the API transaction of the last attempt.|
> |httpStatus|Int32|The HTTP status code returned by the target API endpoint of the last attempt.|
> |numberOfAttempts|Int32|The number of API calls to the customer's API.|

Reviewer: Could you explain **numberOfAttempts**? Especially "customer's API"?
```suggestion
|customExtensionId|String|Identifier of the custom extension that was called.|
|errorCode|Int32|Error code that was returned when the API transaction failed.|
|httpStatus|Int32|The HTTP status code that was returned by the target API endpoint.|
|numberOfAttempts|Int32|The number of API calls to the customer's API.|
```

Author: So you can see we may try several times of attempting to run the external API, when we don't need to say that in errorCode and httpStatus?

Reviewer: God question - Yes, add this info to errorCode and httpStatus. Assuming the value in errorCode and httpStatus are from the last attempt, then consider this suggestion:

- errorCode - Error code that was returned when the last API attempt failed.
- httpStatus - The HTTP status code that was returned by the target API endpoint after the last API attempt.

Author: Sweet, updating.
